# qec-hackathon-2024

Theory

1. The variable parameters of the problem are the geometry, the values of Omega and Delta. We started with a 4x4 square lattice with lattice constant of $4.5{\micro m}$, a 10% defect density and the King's problem, where we used the geometric mean of the distance between two diagonally connected nodes and two nodes connected directly via the x-axis. Since the parameter $\Omega$ controls the laser intensity that performs the gate pulse, it has to start and end at zero. Using the relationship $$R_{a} = \frac{C_{6}}{\sqrt{\Omega^{2} + \Delta^{2}}}$$ and setting $\Omega(t_{f}) = 0 = \Omega(t_{i})$, we find that $\Delta$ is predetermined by the chosen Rydberg Radius. More quantitatively, it scales as $R_{a}^{-1/6}$. Thus, we see that increasing the Rydberg Radius will rapidly makes our initally chosen state a worse approximation of a true ground-state. For large enough Rydberg radii, this will hinder us from ending in a ground state at the end, by conservation of energy. We can see this specifically, going from the King's radius, with fidelities around 90% depending on the parameters, to the $R_{b}/a = 3$ case, with fidelities less than 50%.
2. The first step we took afetrwards, was to try radii in between the two abovementioned cases, remaining in the 4x4 square lattice case.
3. Afterwards, we decided to do some 5x5 square lattices. We know that emulating lattices scales exponentially in the number of qubits we desire to emulate, so choosing a 5x5 lattice takes a huge amount of time with the same defect density as the 4x4 case. Instead of the suggested defect density of 20%, we used a 30% defect density, which makes roughly 18 qubits out of the original 25. In comparison to the 4x4 case, this still takes about 4 times as much computational power, since we have to emulate 2 more qubits. The results still had quite high fidelity, however, as can be seen below
We started with the very basic case of the King's problem in a regular 4x4 grid with a 10% defect density to get. We remained in a square lattice and then increased our Rydberg radius to two times 
 
